   This sketch will send a single SMS message upon booting. 

   Shoutout to Jwallis for getting me on the right path with Twilio and using POST requests.  Thanks! 
   
   BIG IMPORTANT NOTE THAT YOU SHOULD READ BEFORE DOING STUFF!  This method of sending a message relies on a public endpoint that is NOT protected by a password.  This means 
   that ANYONE with the address of your endpoint can send a POST request to it and send a message.  Obviously, this is not ideal.  I did it this way because 
   using HTTP on a SIM module with an Arduino proved to be far easier than using HTTPS.  As I learn more, I'll be trying to adapt it to HTTPS.   
   
   A Twilio account is required for this project, as is a Twilio phone number.  The phone
   numbers are only a dollar or two per month, and messages/data are pay-as-you-go.  In order to use this sketch exactly as I use it, you
   will need to use a Twilio SuperSIM SIM card on the AT&T network.  Other SIM cards may work for you, but results may vary.
   This sketch is intended to be used as a starting place for useful applications such as sending SMS messages upon input triggers like
   button mashing or analog input thresholds.  For the SIM module, I am using a DFRobot SIM7000A module, and I am in North America.  For the microcontroller, 
   I am using an Arduino MEGA. 
   
   First, you will need to go to twilio.com and sign up for an account.  Twilio has awesome resources, and I recommend following their guides for how to purchase 
   and set up a phone number, create your Function, and connect that Function to your phone number.
   
   Once you have an account and have purchased a Twilio phone number with SMS capabilities, it is time to create your Function. Use 
   the Twilio Function code I have posted in this repository, or you can make your own variation.  
   The code I use was given to me by the Twilio wizards Matt Jackson and Dan Pass,
   and it is very similar to the code found on Twilio's tutorial page for sending an SMS message: https://www.twilio.com/docs/runtime/quickstart/send-sms-and-mms
   
   After your phone number is activated and your Function is written and deployed, you are ready to try to send your first message.  I advise that you first send an HTTP POST to 
   your Function endpoint using cURL or a free service like Postman.  
   Makes sure that To is specified as the number you want to send a text message to, From is (and MUST BE) your Twilio phone number, and the Body contains the message
   that you want to send.  
   
   After you have successfully triggered your Twilio Function and proved that it can send a text message, now it is time to set up your 
   Arduino and try to send your POST using your SIM module. 
   
   
  
   
   
   
